docs: Add remaining Keyman Engine for Android API's for KMManager (#1294)
keymanapp/help.keyman.com: developer/engine/android/18.0/KMManager/getLexicalModelInfo.md

---
title: KMManager.getLexicalModelInfo()
---

## Summary

The `getLexicalModelInfo()` method returns returns dictionary information of the specified lexical model.

## Syntax

```java

> KMManager.getLexicalModelInfo(Context context, int index)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HashMap<String,String> KMManager.getLexicalModelInfo(Context context, int index)
```

```

### Parameters

`context`
: The context.

`index`

> : Non-negative position of the installed lexical model

Reviewer: Zero-based index?

Author: ```suggestion
`index`
: Zero-based index of the installed lexical model
```

### Returns

> Returns a dictionary containing information on the specified lexical model.

Reviewer: The dictionary should be documented here (and the type `Hashmap<String, String>`

## Description

> Use this method to get details about a sepcified lexical mode. (language and keyboard information)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this method to get details about a specified lexical model. (language and keyboard information)
```
